1. Twins ke liye D60 chart padte hain. Lagn chart nahi dekhte
2. Secondary karaka bhav nash nahi karta - primary karaka hi karta hai
3. Mool Trikona - 70%, other 30%
4. Trikona ka adhipati lagnesh ka param mitra hoga


# Yog
1. yog means - jod or addition
2. Raj yoga
	1. Ek kendra and trikon make a Relation
	2. Types of Relations
		1. Drishti Sambandha
			1. Dono ek doosre ko dekh le
		2. Sitting together
		3. Sitting in each other's house
		4. One planet in other's house, other is not sitting but aspecting the first one's house - incomplete relation - weak sambandha
	3. Lagnesh kendra and trikona dono hai
		1. If lagnesh is sitting in kendra or making a relation with kendra lord, then it is also a Raj Yoga
## Dhan Yoga
1. 2L in 11H
2. 11L in 2H
3. 2L and 11L aspecting or sitting together
4. Super Trikon
	1. 2L and 11L relation with kendra and Trikona Lords
5. 2L or 11L kisi kenra trikona ke lord se ban jae
6. Yoga karaka graha
	1. when the lord of a kendra trikona is the same graha then that graha alone is good.
	2. Even that graha is sitting alone in kendra trikona is great to make raj yoga
	3. That graha with another planet of kendra and trikona lord gives supar raj yoga
	4. if this planet is in 6,8, 12 that means it is a weak planet now. 
### Process
- 2L in 11H
- 11L in 2H
- Drishti sambandh
- Conjunction
## Super Dhan yoga
2L or 11L with a kendra trikona lord or sitting in kendra or Trikona

- Jidhar raj yoga hai udhar jaana padega
- Jidhar dhan yoga hai udhar jaana padega

### Special Cases
- 2L in 5H with 5L is a dhan yoga
# Yoga Karaka
- Jo khud kendra trikona dono ka maalik ho
- eg: kumbh lagn - venus is yoga karaka
- karka - mars is yoga karka
- in tula - saturn
- Vrishabh - saturn is yoga karka
- Dhanu lagna - Jupiter
- Kanya lagn - Buddha
Aise vyakti ko yoga banane ke liye doosre ki need nahi hai. 
If such a planet is in kendra trikona then it is already a very good raj yoga

Q) if Yoga karaka is vakri
A) vakratva ka nature aaega, delay, disappointment anxiety. But Yoga karka ka nature follow hoga. 



# Vipreet Raj Yoga
- when lords of 3,6,8,12 are sitting in one of the other 3 houses
---
Case Studies
1. in simha lagn - Me in 9H as 11L and 2L. Not a dhan yoga in alone. Yoga hi nahi hai. because there is no 2L
	1. But now if we have sun also in 9L, then good dhan yoga. 


# Other principals
Dainya parivartan
Trik sthan ke lords ka exchange hota hai to ise dainya parivartan kehte hain and is case main dono sthan ko chodna padta hai. #generalPrinciple 