1. Ketu
	1. in 10H mistakes dega but digbali bhi hota hai
	2. solution - karm main dispassion hona chaiye
2. Ketu in Lagn
	1. detachment 
	2. good for spirituality
3. Rahu is friendly with all Rajsik planet
4. Ketu is friendly with Sattvik planet
	1. Sun, moon
5. Ve + ketu is a combination of poor relationships or married life
6. Ke + Mo - Man padne ki ability
7. Ke + Su - Gives power and wealth
	1. in 12H to loss dega
		1. Remedy
			1. Donation
			2. Ganpati ke mandir pe kele ja donation karo
			3. Donate to gods
	2. Kela is for ketu as well as jupiter
8. Anxiety
	1. Break into key components
		1. Mind , Mars , 4H, Moon, 
	2. Analysics
		1. 4H or Moon pe mars or Rahu ka impact
		2. Less oxygen in mind
		3. Short breadth
		4. Tamas and Rajas
	3. Remedies
		1. Shivji and physical ex can resolve
		2. Physical exercise with mantra
		3. Hanuman Chalisa for mars
		4. Bhastrika Pranayama
		5. Sleep in south west - prithvi tattva fire ko shaant kar dega
		6. Drink lots of water
9. Shani vakri in 7H
	1. 2 marriages if shani is vakri in 7H being 7L
10. Shani in 5H
	1. wont be able to drop your bad memories
	2. processing will be slow
	3. Saturn ensures that you dont drop your past
	4. Remedy
		1. Kali ma ko pray karna chaiye
11. Kark, Vrishabh, Vrishchik Main rahu accha hota hai but he wont let you sit. Gives you growth
12. Bipolar Disorder Remedy
	1. High Rahu deta hai
	2. Low Shani deta hai
	3. Beech main mangal
	4. Analysis
		1. Moon pe -ve impact in a bad house of thse 2 planet
		eg: 12H does not allow you to sleep
		meditation se bipolar theek hota hai- no medication
		paap prabhav impacted moon means Man  bandhan main ho aap
		lagn pe paap prabhav means lagn bandhan main hai
		2. Remedy
			1. Sleep well and early
			2. ONS - 5 maala, 11 maala etc
			3. No liquor
			4. Dhyaan, SKY
			5. Music
			6. takes 2-4 years of regular practices
	5. Identification of bipolar is difficult
		1. Highs are difficult to identify but lows are easier
	6. their caretaker is more troubled
13. There is remedy for 8 planets, moon ki remedy khud se hi hoti hai. Happens with mantras and dhyaan
14. 12H Moon 
	1. Water on Shiv ji #remedy
15. Ve + Sa - native will not care about their appearance.
	1. Ve ka food is vaibhav
	2. Ju ka food is mantra
16. Sa + Su in 7H in Leo Rashi
	1. Remedy
		1. Adhyatmik pravatti hona chaiye
	2. Paper clear karna padega
		1. Usmein dard kitna kam ho ye role hai astrologer ka

# Combustion, Retrogation , Digbali
1. Mangal ka name is also Vakr
2. Planet in retro can be agressive
3. Some thoughts say that Planet in vakri can be like Rahu
4. According to the Nadi principal
5. Mercury Retro
	1. remedy
		1. pause before speaking
	2. Learning is strong
	3. Intelligent
	4. Liberal father
6. 